# The Pins Team Vunlerability

> :warning: Currently an draft version, proceed at your own risk if using this template on an project.

This document describes our security policies for both open-source projects by the The Pins Team and the hosted versions of these, including any forks we may maintain, through any issues that either affect ONLY the upstream or BOTH the upstream and ours will be prompted to submit to their respective bug bounty/VDP contacts instead by our humans.

Legally speking, the laws mentioned in this policy are from US federal laws, and your state's (or your conutry, if you're outside of US) laws may also apply.

Note to team members: this document applies to every open source project we currently maintain, including any forks, and any hosted services/versions of it, which both **Out of Scope** and **Systems in Scope** are included in global context. Please remove and/or atleast update them to match project-level policies.

## Introduction

Security is core to our values, and we value the input of hackers acting in good faith to help us maintain a high standard for the security and privacy for our users. This includes encouraging responsible vulnerability research and disclosure. This policy sets out our definition of good faith in the context of finding and reporting vulnerabilities, as well as what you can expect from us in return.

Our team welcomes feedback from security researchers and the general public to help improve our security. If you believe you have discovered a vulnerability, privacy issue, exposed data, or other security issues in any of our assets, we want to hear from you. This policy outlines steps for reporting vulnerabilities to us, what we expect, what you can expect from us.

## Expectations

When working with us according to this policy, you can expect us to:

- Extend Safe Harbor for your vulnerability research that is related to this policy;
- Work with you to understand and validate your report, including a timely initial response to the submission;
- Work to remediate discovered vulnerabilities in a timely manner; and
- Recognize your contribution to improving our security if you are the first to report a unique vulnerability, and your report triggers a code or configuration change.

## Ground Rules

To encourage vulnerability research and to avoid any confusion between good-faith hacking and malicious attack, we ask that you:

- Play by the rules. This includes following this policy, as well as any other relevant agreements. If there is any inconsistency between this policy and any other relevant terms, the terms of this policy will prevail;
- Report any vulnerability you’ve discovered promptly;
- Avoid violating the privacy of others, disrupting our systems, destroying data, and/or harming user experience;
- Use only the Official Channels to discuss vulnerability information with us;
- Keep the details of any discovered vulnerabilities confidential until they are fixed, according to the Disclosure Policy;
- Perform testing only on in-scope systems, and respect systems and activities which are out-of-scope;
- If a vulnerability provides unintended access to data: Limit the amount of data you access to the minimum required for effectively demonstrating a Proof of Concept; and cease testing and submit a report immediately if you encounter any user data during testing, such as Personally Identifiable Information (PII), Personal Healthcare Information (PHI), credit card data, or proprietary information;
- You should only interact with test accounts you own or with explicit permission from the account holder; and
- Do not engage in extortion.

## Safe Harbor

When conducting vulnerability research according to this policy, we consider this research to be:

- Authorized in accordance with the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) (and/or similar state laws), and we will not initiate or support legal action against you for accidental, good faith violations of this policy;
- Exempt from the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), and we will not bring a claim against you for circumvention of technology controls;
- Exempt from restrictions in our Terms & Conditions that would interfere with conducting security research, and we waive those restrictions on a limited basis for work done under this policy; and
- Lawful, helpful to the overall security of the Internet, and conducted in good faith.

You are expected, as always, to comply with all applicable laws. If legal action is initiated by a third party against you and you have complied with this policy, we will take steps to make it known that your actions were conducted in compliance with this policy.

If at any time you have concerns or are uncertain whether your security research is consistent with this policy, please submit a report through one of our Official Channels before going any further.

## Official Channels 

## Have questions?

### Legal inquiries about this policy

While we've engaged the legal opinion of many, this does not constitute legal advice. Please consult your legal counsel if you have any doubt about your state laws,
or if you're adopting ours (or even [these templates from Disclose.io](https://github.com/disclose/dioterms)).

Legal inquiries may be sent to <legal@madebythepins.tk>, through we cannot reply them all since **currently we don't have an dedicated legal team yet**, so our apologies for that in advance.

## Copyright and Credits

Copyright 2021-Present The Pins Team and contribuors, contents in this policy is freely available under [CC BY-SA 4.0](https://github.com/MadeByThePinsHub/policies/blob/master/LICENSE), as long as you keep the this notice or if you modifying the copyright text,
you must keep the following text below, either rendered as Markdown file or as plaintext:

```
Original-Content-URL: https://github.com/MadeByThePinsHub/policies/blob/master/SEUCRITY.md
Authors: The Pins Team and contributors
SPXDF-License: CC-BY-SA-4.0
```

Adapted from some of Disclose.io's VDP templates:

* https://github.com/disclose/dioterms/blob/master/regional/USA-core-terms.md
* https://github.com/disclose/dioterms/tree/00721a6dd3e79e9055b986e5ef3faf8084bf630a/core-terms-vdp.md
